Code of Conduct for Individual Members of the Internet Society
Engagement, Community Rules, & Etiquette
FRANÇAIS | ESPAÑOL
Thank you for being a part of the Internet Society community!

Our mission is to create an open, globally-connected, secure, and trustworthy Internet for everyone.

For our global community to be able to exchange, collaborate and engage we have set up discussion lists and online communities. These online fora are a place to share information and ideas relevant to this mission.  While we encourage a lively exchange of ideas and opinions, we do ask that you read and respect the code of conduct below.

Please contact the Global Membership Team (globalmembership@isoc.org) with questions. Civil dialogue is our priority. We reserve the right to suspend membership to anyone who violates this code of conduct.


Internet Society Engagement & Community Rules
Treat all users and colleagues fairly and equally. Stimulate conversation, be respectful of others’ views, and refrain from personal attacks.
Respect legitimate intellectual property rights, do not plagiarize work, and give credit to the originators of ideas.
Don’t share the posts of others without permission.
Discussion Group Etiquette
All defamatory, abusive, profane, threatening, offensive, or illegal material is strictly prohibited.
Discriminatory, hostile or intimidating messages or language will not be tolerated, whether based on a person’s race, ethnicity, culture, national origin, social or economic class, educational level, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, size, family status, political belief, religion, or mental or physical ability.
Internet Society strives to create and maintain a community in which people of many different backgrounds and cultures are treated with respect.
Be mindful and respectful of linguistic background – while the language for online fora discussions is mostly English (unless otherwise specified), remember not everybody is a native English speaker/writer.
Keep subject lines concise and clear so that members can respond appropriately and easily search the archives.
Include only relevant portions of the original message in replies.
Only send a message to the entire list if everyone can benefit from it. Do not send “thank you” and “me too” replies to the full list.
Avoid administrative messages, such as remove me from the list (use the web interface to change your personal settings).
If relevant, add “Long Message” to the subject line or at the beginning of the message body.
Do not spam several lists or libraries with the same message.
Don’t publicly post commercial messages.
Use caution when discussing products. Information posted on the lists and in the libraries is available for all members to see. Comments are subject to libel, slander, and antitrust laws.
Please carefully read the items listed in the disclaimer and legal rules below, particularly regarding the copyright ownership of information posted.
 
Privacy policy
The Internet Society is committed to respect the privacy of our members and of visitors to our site. We do not sell, rent, or share any personally-identifiable information shared by visitors or our membership mailing list. To learn more, please view our full privacy policy.

Legal Notice
Do not post any information or other material protected by copyright without permission. By posting material, the posting party warrants and represents that they own the copyright with respect to such material or has received permission from the copyright owner. In addition, the posting party grants the Internet Society and users of this site the nonexclusive right and license to display, copy, publish, distribute, transmit, print, and use such information or other material.

The Internet Society provides communication tools as a service for its members. The Internet Society is not responsible for opinions and information posted on this site or list. The Internet Society does monitor but does not moderate postings on this site or list, but if any inappropriate posting is brought to the attention of the Internet Society, the Internet Society reserves the right to take appropriate action, including, without limitation, terminating access to any user who does not abide by these guidelines.


Limitations of Liability
To the extent allowed under law, the internet society (a) disclaim all implied warranties and representations (e.g. warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy of data, and noninfringement); (b) does not guarantee that the communications tools will function without interruption or errors, and (c) provide the communication tools (including content and information) on an “as is” and “as available” basis. To the extent permitted under law (and unless the internet society has entered into a separate written agreement that overrides this contract), the internet society shall not be liable to you or others for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, or any loss of data, opportunities, reputation, profits, or revenues, related to the communications tools (e.g., offensive or defamatory statements, downtime or loss, use of, or changes to, your information or content). In no event shall the liability of the internet society exceed, in the aggregate for all claims, us $1000. This limitation of liability is part of the basis of the bargain between you and the internet society and shall apply to all claims of liability (e.g., warranty, tort, negligence, contract, law) and even if the internet society has been told of the possibility of any such damage, and even if these remedies fail their essential purpose.

IMPORTANT
On the Connect community platform, by clicking the "accept" button you agree that your name will appear on our member directory. This option can be changed at any time in your privacy settings.
